README.md, before:

# Architech application for filling out forms
Link to deployed app: https://architech-362918.lm.r.appspot.com/ </br>
Link to the project in Figma: https://www.figma.com/file/DMNwieT1WlqoLA79D4VU6u/Architech?node-id=0%3A1 </br>
I designed this project by myself in **Figma** while proposing an idea to a company that needed better UX for filling their questonnaire by potential contractors. I created a more user friendly layout for complicated forms. I developed this project with **React** and **Typescript** and used **Material UI**. One of functionalities I've implemented in my code to make the process easier for the user is a **custom React Hook** that automatically fetches information about the company such as name or address and autofills textfields based on user's one input.  To make the questionnaire I've used **Formik** library and **Yup** validation so all textfields are filled correctly. Another custom hook I made to avoid prop drilling which is a common problem with bigger amounts of components is a context hook useForm that passes on properties to components a few levels further. The application communicates with backend (created by a backend developer) written in FastAPI and uses Postgres database. To check for any glitches and make sure the app runs smoothly I wrote end-to-end tests in **Cypress**. The app is deployed on **Google Cloud Platform** with **AppEngine** service. The statics are stored on cloud storage. **CI/CD**(github actions) checks **eslint** and **prettier** and automatically deploys to cloud.</br><img width = "400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95635795/193845856-bec46da0-3ba3-4ec3-b5ce-c3f00d54b439.png"> <img width = "400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95635795/193865473-bd3074fd-9571-4d73-bb0c-074670bfa687.png">
## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/anitahoroszkoorg/arichitech
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd architech
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  yarn install
```

Start the server

```bash
  yarn start
```

Commit message:

contract component (#33)
* contract component

* submitInfo adjustments

* changed response type

* wip

* fix

* fix

Co-authored-by: Anita Horoszko <95635795+anitahdev@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Architech application for filling out forms

Link to the deployed app: https://architech-362918.lm.r.appspot.com/ </br></br>
Link to the project in Figma: https://www.figma.com/file/DMNwieT1WlqoLA79D4VU6u/Architech?node-id=0%3A1 </br></br>
I designed this project by myself in **Figma** while proposing an idea to a company that needed better UX for filling their questonnaire by potential contractors. </br> I created a more user friendly layout for complicated forms. </br> This project was developed with **React** and **Typescript** and used **Material UI**. </br> One of functionalities I've implemented in my code to make the process easier for the user is a **custom React Hook** that automatically fetches information about the company such as name or address and autofills textfields based on user's one input. </br>To make the questionnaire I've used **Formik** library and **Yup** validation so all textfields are filled correctly. </br> Another custom hook I made to avoid prop drilling which is a common problem with bigger amounts of components is a context hook useForm that passes on properties to components a few levels further. </br>The application communicates with backend (created by a backend developer) written in FastAPI and uses Postgres database. </br>To check for any glitches and make sure the app runs smoothly I wrote end-to-end tests in **Cypress**. </br>The app is deployed on **Google Cloud Platform** with **AppEngine** service. The statics are stored on cloud storage. </br> **CI/CD**(github actions) checks **eslint** and **prettier** and automatically deploys to cloud. </br></br><img width = "400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95635795/193845856-bec46da0-3ba3-4ec3-b5ce-c3f00d54b439.png"> <img width = "400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95635795/193865473-bd3074fd-9571-4d73-bb0c-074670bfa687.png"></br></br>Currently I'm working on a feature that displays a PDF file of a contract with all the information automatically filled in.</br></br><img width = "400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95635795/196901136-49aeeeaa-47f8-4d6a-b521-237ff516991f.png">

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/anitahoroszkoorg/arichitech
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd architech
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  yarn install
```

Start the server

```bash
  yarn start
```
